Man, Tej's garage
is ridiculous.
He's got the best
of everything.
Snap-on tools.
All these lifts are brand new.
They're only maybe
a couple of months old.
Hey, yo, Jimmy.
What's up, man?
Hey,
what up, Bullitt?
That's Rome right there.
Do me a favor.
When you get a second,
I want you to check out
the Evo and Spyder.
Make sure
everything's copasetic.
Evo?
Where'd you
get an Evo from?
It's a long story.
I got you, man.
Thanks, Jimmy.
Come check this out.
Man,
it's so hot and humid,
I can't even wear drawers.
Man, tell me about it.
Look at all this potential
out here.
Ray, don't do that, man.
You're making me lose money.
Come on, stop that.
I know you're better
than that. Come on.
Damn.